refactor: use craft-application's remote-build (#5239)
canonical/snapcraft: docs/explanation/remote-build.rst

Architectures supported by Launchpad can be found
:ref:`here<supported-architectures>`.

> Public vs. Private projects
> ---------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public and private projects
---------------------------
```

See https://docs.ubuntu.com/styleguide/en/#latin-words-and-phrases.

> By default, prospective snaps will be publicly uploaded to `Launchpad`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, prospective snaps are publicly uploaded to `Launchpad`_.
```

When describing a notional time and place that isn't immediate, which is when references and explanations typically operate, it's usually simpler to use present tense.

``--build-for``
***************
**Type**: Comma-separated list of strings

> **Default**: The architectures specified in your project file

Reviewer 2: We build for the host if there are no archs in the project file.

```suggestion
**Default**: The architectures specified in your project file or your host architecture.
```

> **Default**: The architectures specified in your project file or your host architecture

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

**Default**: The architectures specified in your project file or your host architecture
```

``architectures`` key in the project file. In this scenario, ``--build-for``
defines the architectures to build for.

``--launchpad-accept-public-upload``
************************************

> Used to bypass the interactive prompt for confirming the public upload of data. It is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bypasses the prompt that confirms whether you want to upload data to the public. It's
```

> not necessary to use this flag if using ``--project`` to specify a private project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not necessary to use this flag if you used ``--project`` to specify a private project.
```

``--project``
*************
**Type**: String

Explicitly specify a project to upload to.

``--launchpad-timeout``
***********************
**Type**: Integer

> **Default**: 0

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

**Default**: 0
```
